I applied CSST program because I’m aiming to take PhD in foreign countries. Through this program, I would like to learn the basis of the approach to research and the differences of the research environment of the researchers who are active globally. The opportunity I started to aim to take PhD in foreign countries is the experiences at the conference “Mathematical Progress in Expressive Image Synthesis” that I participated last October. It is the conference that globally active researchers of Mathematics and Computer Graphics discussed the importance and the usage of Mathematics in Computer Graphics. Having discussions with globally active researchers like Dr. Daniele Panozzo of ETH Zurich and Dr. Robert Bridson of Autodesk, I found that the basis of their thoughts and their research environment are totally different from what we have in Japan. In addition, the experiences to discuss with the foreign notable professors and extraordinary students in PhD courses at one of the largest Computer Graphics conferences “SIGGRAPH Asia” made my enthusiasm for PhD stronger.  
I considered that getting a lot of research results is important when I will apply for overseas PhD courses. From this thought, I have been tackling my researches hard and taking maximum advantage of any kinds of the opportunities. For example, I presented my research at the conference “Information Processing Society of Japan” only four month after I assigned to the laboratory. In last July and October, I participated the society “Mathematics and Implementation of Computer Graphics Techniques” and presented as an only participant who is undergraduate student. In this society, I discussed the future prospects for the field of Computer Graphics with the distinguished researchers in Japan. As I wrote above, I also participated International conferences, like “MEIS” or “SIGGRAPH Asia” and discussed with foreign researchers actively. In order to broaden my knowledge, I participated study sessions held by notable company researchers like Mr. Takahito Tejima of Pixar Animation Studio and studied the viewpoints from development sites. Additionally I have been conducting a collaborative research about virtual try-on system with a major textile company and reconstruction of 3D mesh with Dr. Hamada of Kyushu University.
Moreover, the experiences to communicate with the other Attendees from other Asian countries will make me grow and allow me to construct many relationships that are necessary for my researching overseas.
Therefore, participation in this program will benefit me greatly for my future vision as well as issues at present and I believe that I will be able to take maximum advantage of any chances and experiences in this program.


One of the disciplines that I would like to study in this program is scientific computing. The reason is that this it has much potential to make use of its ideas and the methods into simulations in computer graphics. This discipline is important for not only computer graphics but also many other disciplines and many researchers in UCLA study actively. One of the mentors I would like to study under is Dr. Joseph Teran who study about various simulations of elastic bodies and fluids.
	Computer vision is another area that I am interested in and Dr. Song-Chun Zhu who study about computer vision and machine learning is another mentor I hope to study under. I do not have much experience studying computer vision, but I believe that the experience of studying about new discipline will broaden my resource of ideas and view as researcher.
